BD-4093 Create Push FAQs (#9171)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/message_building_by_channel/push/faq.md

---

> nav_title: FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nav_title: FAQs
```

> article_title: Push FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
article_title: Push FAQs
```

page_order: 80
description: "This article addresses some of the most frequently asked questions that arise when setting up push campaigns."
page_type: FAQ
channel:
  - Push
---

# Frequently asked questions

> This article provides answers to some frequently asked questions about the push channel.

### What happens when multiple users log into a single device?

> When a user logs out of an device or website, they will remain reachable by push until another user logs in and their push token is reassigned to the new user of the device. This is because a given app or website can only have one push subscription per device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a user logs out of a device or website, they will remain reachable by push until another user logs in and their push token is reassigned to the new user of the device. This is because a given app or website can only have one push subscription per device.
```

Reviewer 2: Followup suggestion to this, the first sentence is somewhat complex.  Consider splitting it into two, like so:
```suggestion
When a user logs out of a device or website, they will remain reachable by push until another user logs in. At that point, the push token is reassigned to the new user. This is because each device can only have one active push subscription per app or website.
```

Also, the device uniqueness feels more important to this FAQ than the app/website uniqueness, so I slightly tweaked the last sentence.

When a push token is reassigned, the change is reflected in the user profile's **Push Changelog**. You can find this by going to the **Engagement** tab in the user profile.

![The "Push Changelog" in the "Contact Settings" section.][1]{: style="max-width:50%;"}

### Why doesn't an opted-in user have a push token?

> The user's push token may have been moved to another user.

Reviewer 2: I think there's a bit more context we can add to this sentence to make it more immediately apparent what this means. After reading the steps, I _think_ this is right. 🤔 

```suggestion
This can happen if the user’s push token was reassigned to someone else who used the same device.
```

> 1. Go to the **Push Changelog** in the **Engagement** tab of the affected user's profile, and look for the relevant push token. It will have a message that says the push token was moved to another user.
> 2. Copy and paste the affected push token into the user search bar. If the token still exists, it will lead to a user that has more recently logged into the device.
> 3. Have the user log into the profile with the missing token.
> 4. Trigger a new push send. This will move the token back to the account if they still have push enabled on the device level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to the **Push Changelog** in the **Engagement** tab of the affected user's profile and look for the relevant push token. It will have a message that says the push token was moved to another user.
2. Copy and paste the affected push token into the user search bar. If the token still exists, it will lead to a user who has more recently logged into the device.
3. Have the user log into the profile with the missing token.
4. Trigger a new push send. This will move the token back to the account if they still have push enabled on the device level.
```

> 4. Trigger a new push send. This will move the token back to the account if they still have push enabled on the device level.

Reviewer 2: I think there's broadly two flows here:
1. How to check 
2. How to reassign

Consider breaking this up like

```
1. Go to the push changelog in the affected user’s profile.
2. Look for a message that says the push token was moved to another user.
3. Copy the token and paste it into the user search bar.
4. If it still exists, you’ll be directed to the user who most recently logged in on the device.

If you want the token back on the original user:
- Ask the original user to log in again.
- Trigger a new push send. If the device still has push turned on, the token will return to the original profile.
```

(Please feel free to finesse that 😂)

> If the push token doesn't exist, check the user docs for other accounts using the same device. The push token should be in one of those, and the associated account should have a more recent session time than the original.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the push token doesn't exist, check the user docs for other accounts using the same device. The push token should be in one of those, and the associated account should have a more recent session time than the original.
```
user docs?

Reviewer 2: I feel like this might mean user profiles? 🤔

Reviewer 2: Also, wdyt about making this an FAQ as well? Like `What if the token no longer exists?`
